# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.in
adbc-driver-flightsql==1.6.0
    # via dbt-sl-sdk
adbc-driver-manager==1.6.0
    # via
    #   adbc-driver-flightsql
    #   dbt-sl-sdk
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.0
    # via langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
altair==5.5.0
    # via streamlit
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anthropic==0.52.0
    # via langchain-anthropic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   google-genai
    #   gql
    #   groq
    #   httpx
    #   openai
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
backoff==2.2.1
    # via gql
bcrypt==4.3.0
    # via streamlit-authenticator
blinker==1.9.0
    # via streamlit
braintrust==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   braintrust-langchain
braintrust-langchain==0.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   streamlit
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
chevron==0.14.0
    # via braintrust
click==8.2.1
    # via streamlit
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
dbt-sl-sdk==0.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   groq
    #   openai
docstring-parser==0.16
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
exceptiongroup==1.3.0
    # via braintrust
extra-streamlit-components==0.1.80
    # via streamlit-authenticator
faiss-cpu==1.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.6.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.44
    # via
    #   braintrust
    #   streamlit
google-api-core==2.24.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.40.2
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-genai
google-cloud-aiplatform==1.94.0
    # via langchain-google-vertexai
google-cloud-bigquery==3.33.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-resource-manager==1.14.2
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-storage==2.19.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   langchain-google-vertexai
google-crc32c==1.7.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-genai==1.16.1
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
gql==3.5.3
    # via dbt-sl-sdk
graphql-core==3.2.6
    # via gql
groq==0.25.0
    # via langchain-groq
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.14.2
    # via google-cloud-resource-manager
grpcio==1.71.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.62.3
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   google-genai
    #   groq
    #   langchain-google-vertexai
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-google-vertexai
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-resources==6.5.2
    # via adbc-driver-flightsql
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   altair
    #   pydeck
jiter==0.10.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via altair
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
langchain==0.3.25
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   braintrust-langchain
    #   langchain-community
langchain-anthropic==0.3.13
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-community==0.3.24
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.61
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-anthropic
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-google-vertexai
    #   langchain-groq
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-google-vertexai==2.0.20
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-groq==0.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-openai==0.2.14
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.8
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.3.42
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
mashumaro==3.16
    # via dbt-sl-sdk
multidict==6.4.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
narwhals==1.40.0
    # via altair
numpy==2.2.6
    # via
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   langchain-community
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pydeck
    #   shapely
    #   streamlit
openai==1.82.0
    # via langchain-openai
orjson==3.10.18
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   plotly
    #   streamlit
pandas==2.2.3
    # via streamlit
pillow==11.2.1
    # via streamlit
plotly==5.24.1
    # via -r requirements.in
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
protobuf==6.31.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
    #   streamlit
pyarrow==16.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dbt-sl-sdk
    #   streamlit
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pydantic==2.11.5
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-genai
    #   groq
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-anthropic
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-google-vertexai
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.9.1
    # via langchain-community
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via streamlit
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via streamlit-authenticator
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via
    #   braintrust
    #   pydantic-settings
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via braintrust
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   streamlit-authenticator
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   braintrust
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-genai
    #   gql
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   streamlit
    #   tiktoken
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   gql
    #   langsmith
rpds-py==0.25.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
shapely==2.1.1
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   groq
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.41
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
sseclient-py==1.8.0
    # via braintrust
streamlit==1.45.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   extra-streamlit-components
    #   streamlit-authenticator
    #   streamlit-feedback
streamlit-authenticator==0.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
streamlit-feedback==0.1.4
    # via -r requirements.in
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   plotly
    #   streamlit
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via langchain-openai
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
tornado==6.5.1
    # via streamlit
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   braintrust
    #   openai
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   adbc-driver-manager
    #   altair
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   braintrust
    #   dbt-sl-sdk
    #   exceptiongroup
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-genai
    #   groq
    #   langchain-core
    #   mashumaro
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   streamlit
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via requests
validators==0.34.0
    # via langchain-google-vertexai
websockets==15.0.1
    # via google-genai
yarl==1.20.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   gql
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith
